fix(binaries): add libssl section (#243)
prisma/specs: binaries/Readme.md

of operating systems, distributions and cloud platforms.

Initially, we built specific binaries for given platforms (e.g. Netlify), which resulted in many 
binaries which couldn't be shared with similar platforms and it was hard to maintain.

### OpenSSL

Prisma uses [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) to enable a secure communication to remote databases.
This means OpenSSL has to be either shipped with the binary ("static linking") or exist on

> the users's machine ("dynamic linking"). As it is critical to always run the latest OpenSSL due to security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the users's machine ("dynamic linking"). 

As it is critical to always run the latest OpenSSL due to security
```

reasons, Prisma dynamically links OpenSSL so the user can update OpenSSL (usually with their native operating
system package manager) independent of Prisma. Installing OpenSSL downloads a few files in common directories,
which are usually named after the package name `libssl`, such as `libssl.so.10`, and the Prisma binaries

> automatically find and use these files. If they they don't exist on the user's system or are incompatible, Prisma

Reviewer 2: Double they

> If they they don't

> automatically find and use these files. If they they don't exist on the user's system or are incompatible, Prisma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically find and use these files. If they they do not exist on the user's system or are incompatible, Prisma
```

> automatically find and use these files. If they they don't exist on the user's system or are incompatible, Prisma

Reviewer 3: Internal: Trying inline suggestion
